One of the things that I think the military is very good as training I
had excellent training when I was in the service- both basic infantry
training and the technical training I had. I spent almost a year
in Washington DC learning Vietnamese. I spent six months in Pensacola
learning how to do Morse code so I could do that as well and then
I had good training before I went to Vietnam which they called staging
training, where they get you prepared to to fight if that's required
of you. Training beyond that, had I stayed in, would have been excellent
as well but when I got in the reserves I got good training
every time I went on my two week duty or my weekend duty